[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're continuing with new lines
reimagine earring of the Jason Voorhees
series with Jason X the X of the series
let's get to it
we opened on a rather confusing credit
sequence it appears they're trying to
show Jason's return from Hell with some
implications of the surgical procedures
in Hardware installments but when we cut
to the big man he's just houdini'd up in
the middle of this strange room the room
happens to be in the Crystal Lake
research facility and as a staging point
before he's transported to a cryogenic
freezing chamber the lone guard assigned
to watch him decided that his haircut
reminds him too much of Christopher
Walken and it's starting to weird him
out as the officials make their way to
him we get some expositional
conversation in which dr. Cronenberg
explains that Jason is basically
Wolverine because the fan base was
really craving another explanation of
his survivability they approach the
specimen and remove the shroud to
discover that Jason did in fact pull a
Houdini and the implications of this
dawn on them a moment too late as were
treated to an action-adventure style
mass murder sequence rowan is the lucky
sole survivor and appears to hope Jason
won't notice her if she just doesn't
look at him and walks off casually
unfortunately this doesn't work out for
her but she does manage to force him
into the chamber and send him to sleepy
time unfortunately for her he breaches
the cardboard containment door in her
body with his machete
the facility goes into lockdown causing
the whole room to go into stasis leaving
her only a moment to hope that she's not
unfrozen before they've discovered a
cure for abdominal stab wounds an
unknown amount of time later the chamber
is discovered by a group of steampunk
Morlocks who uncover both the statue of
Jason and find Rowan among the detritus
recognizing that they've initiated the
thawing process they have to get her
back to the ship quickly however they're
briefly stalled when dingus knocks over
the frozen Jason and manages to sustain
a flesh wound on the way back we learned
that earth is a barren wasteland the
ship is staffed by a crew of alien style
space jockeys people in the future
dressed like idiots and they have nano
bot technology which solves most
problems they managed to revive Rowan
and almost immediately drop a bomb on
her when they tell her the years 2455
but don't worry they make her feel
better by awkwardly staring at her
professor Lowe immediately runs off to
his fence to discuss the new discoveries
four hundred year olds are old news but
he somehow knows everything about Jason
Voorhees and
is that that specimen may actually go
for a decent amount of gold-pressed
latinum at that very moment Jason is
having his hockey mask very carefully
removed by Adrian who went to the
trouble of donning latex gloves but left
her midriff bare jason is slowly warmed
up by his inner rage but plays possum
until an errant orgasm tickles his
ballsack causing him to wake up for a
fun science experiment involving
Adrian's face ho do a banana next
he then stalks the halls with the
pinnacle of 25th century slashing
technology the reverse machete to think
we were so close to getting it right
meanwhile Rowan is explaining exactly
why Jason is so dangerous recounting
their Rasputin like failures to execute
him confident in their advanced
technology they reveal that Jason is on
board but totally under control a quick
visit to Adrienne's lab reveals their
hubris causing them to scramble in
response to the now present threat Jason
is drawn to the sex Musk left in the
wake of the aforementioned orgasm he
stabs the young man causing him to
appear so sad the science officers
notified the grunts a group of space
marine style characters that are an
amalgamation of characters from every
alien movie past and future they all
grabbed their space guns and space armor
and go gallivanting through the space
corridors at times with gun said would
be much more intimidating if the
flashlight part and the urethra part
were switched
Jason sneaks up on Danny McBride but the
wrecking crew shows up to save him the
house going on here there's some
shooting going on they then sneak off to
try to get the drop on Jason but feel
miserably and get picked off themselves
one by one with some cool effects like
this next snap and in this giant
corkscrew once the last grunt takes his
eyes off Jason for a moment it's down to
the Sarge who doesn't fare much better
now they're all on their own but quickly
approaching Solaris and another sixty
grunts unfortunately the group is left
to observe on the monitors is a now
pilotless ship quickly approaches
breaches and then proceeds directly
through Solaris the apparent result of
the ship being made of a much sturdier
material but hey no time for pessimism
playtime's over is Jason bursts through
the glass behind them the crew runs off
leaving professor Lowe behind but it's
all good he solves the puzzle of Jason's
murderous rage
they regroup and devise a plan for
escape the ladies are going to prep the
shuttle while km 14 becomes sexpot
verified and crutch heads off to make
the necessary manual of preparations
from inside the ship he does his job but
doesn't make it back to the shuttle
then kins of freaks the freak out and
tries to pilot the shuttle away without
our friends and without detaching the
fuel line's crashing into the very
sturdy ship Jason now confronts the
remaining crew who are protected by a
kill bot confirmed km after she's been
upgraded in every way other than her
terrible and awful haircut
even so she manages to fully destroy him
with flip sea-doos triple gainers and an
unlimited ammo chief with a little time
to breathe they then give the Sarge
recently found out to be only mostly
dead a nano bath while janessa chooses
scenery they're able to connect with
another ship that's headed their way
since the core is about to detonate they
come up with the classic plan of placing
charges between the hole in the
remaining pontoon thus blowing them
apart allowing them to either be saved
or ride that [ __ ] into infinity while
this is going on Jason is getting his
own nano bath but with some trouble but
don't worry though they have an
algorithm for that sea machine learning
they're visited by Jason but managed to
blow the charges when visited by Jason
again from outside the ship janessa's
acting is the first to go they make it
to the final hatch but it needs to be
activated from outside so the Sarge goes
on a spacewalk while km creates a
holodeck diversion for Jason recreating
a classic kill but with comedic
undertones they managed to make it out
just in time Jason being waylaid by the
Sarge who in defiance of physics and
common sense manages to both survive the
explosion and pull off an intercepting
trajectory that then also redirects them
back toward this nearby planet the
survivors then watch in relief in
reverence as he rides Jason into the
upper atmosphere like slim pickins and
that was the tenth film in the final of
these experimental reboots a film that
tends to rank either really high or
really low on most people's lists I hope
you enjoyed the video and thanks for
watching
[Music]